Moving green house gas section to carbon section (#37)
Green-Software-Foundation/green-software-principles: Principles/Carbon.md

The earth has had many different compositions of greenhouse gases in its history, and natural fluctuation does occur over time (millennia). This is often refereed to as climate change, whereas global warming is separated out as the human influenced factor which has taken place over a very short period of time (decades).

> ### How to measure Greenhouse Gas emissions?

Reviewer: Could we extend this paragraph to include a short overview of how the below 3 tie in with measuring GHG and GHG Protocol?

Author: Sounds good but I've got super limited time right now. Do you want to take a stab at this @greenhsu123?

> The [Greenhouse Gas Protocol](https://ghgprotocol.org) is the most widely used and internationally recognized greenhouse gas accounting standard. In fact, [92%](https://ghgprotocol.org/about-us) of all Fortune 500 companies use the GHG protocol when calculating and disclosing their carbon emissions. 

Author: It's best to go with US, British spelling will never win 🤷🏽‍♂️

The GHG Protocol divides emissions into 3 scopes:

> * Scope 1: Direct emissions related to on-site fuel combustion or fleet vehicles;

Author: ```suggestion
* Scope 1: Direct emissions from operations owned or controlled by the reporting organisation, such as on-site fuel combustion or fleet vehicles.
```
